good afternoon welcome back we are on
the Upper East Side today on East 94th
right off the third Avenue Carnegie pork
nice condo building is right across the
street we are looking at a one bedroom
with a home office there was a unit in
the building two weeks ago which is
rented there is another unit that came
available the new video intercom system
the employment is on first floor
mailboxes your lap after entering the
building welcome you enter into a very
large open eat-in kitchen with a window
the appliances we're just installed
about two years ago this is a gas stove
full-size refrigerator storage above so
enough room over here in the corner for
little table two to three chairs maybe
for interior ight after entering the
apartment is the living room you do have
access to the bathroom which was
renovated just about two years ago as
well
the view from the living room looks out
back to the building next door
unfortunately you don't have access to
this little deck right here that's nice
just to look out and see some trees if
you're walking off third Avenue first
left Andrew in the hallway it's the
office area or it could be used as a
second bedroom there's no Closet in this
room there are no closets in the
apartment actually same view from this
space is you do in the living room
here's the bedroom it's very nice eyes
you could certainly fit a queen-size bed
and extra furniture if very high
ceilings about 12 feet high going to get
sunlight most of the day this is a
northern exposure and the apartment is
available for immediate to December
force occupancy